London's real estate has taken a major
nose dive right now in fact the UK as a
whole has seen the deflationary effect
running through housing this is in
complete contrast to what is being seen
in many cities around the world where
real estate indexes are hitting their
alltime record highs what is causing
this crash exactly well you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you today I want to maintain our Focus
right now on what's happening in the
UK let's begin with this London housing
in its deepest slump since the financial
crisis a familiar theme that we have
seen in all of the various indicators I
have shown you the Rick index for the
city drops to the lowest level since
2009 this is why I like to call it the
financial crisis part two because we are
entering in to the exact same problems
and in some cases even worse London's
housing market is in its worst slump
since the depths of the financial crisis
eight years ago what they're claiming is
part of a broader slowdown that may
continue let's cover a little bit more
information about this I want to show
you this white line here which is the
London price balance London falling
house price index at the lowest level
since
2009 and you could see that just in the
recent past there has been a sharp
decline but that has been going on
really since the beginning of
2014 and that shows
you
really what has been the wider Trend a
decline a little bit of fear
perhaps well looking at this the London
measure tends to represent the prime
Market rather than the city as a whole
the slump in the gauge talles with the
other reports of sellers in central
London having to cut prices to close
deals can you can you imagine that if
you're in Toronto right now if you're in
Vancouver if you're in San Francisco or
any of the other housing booms cutting
prices to close the deals no no no here
in Toronto for example a house is listed
for let's say a million
there is no way that house will ever
sell for $1 million it's going to sell
for realistically $1.2 $1.4 million you
don't list the price you don't list it
at the actual asking price that's the
joke price that's the funny price it
actually goes for anywhere between 20%
to 40% over the asking price regularly
not not these extreme deals talking
about regularly and here in London they
have to cut the price prices to close
the deal
wow what a what a difference really
nationally the Rick price index stayed
at 22 in March those expectations for
both values and sales of the next year
weekend new buyer inquiries and sales
were stagnant that's important inquiries
and sales were stagnant the most
expensive properties among the worst
performers and this tells me something
because it's all about the type of
buyers who are interested or perhaps at
this time are backing away or maybe
they're choosing investments in other
areas in addition to the buyers kept out
of the market because of the high prices
nervousness about low and behold once
again the brexit and the UK Outlook are
also weighing in on
demand they're talking about the
continued shortage in the supply of
property to buy with estate agents
listed at a record low like I said
completely different when what's
happening in these other boom places uh
looking also at the shortage where in an
area like Toronto just to give you a
comparison there seem to be in a way
especially in the detached homes a
shortage but that's causing the prices
to Skyrocket higher so it's a very much
a different
scenario that's happening
the 29 billion collaps housing house
prices fall in every single part of
Britain
in7 except
for
Wales every part of England and Scotland
has seen sou uh housing prices fall in
2017 this is where it's been hit the
worst and the one place prices are still
Rising so everyone in
Wales you can expect these
houses to continue upward
whereas it seems like everywhere else is
declining look at that everywhere in
fact except for Wales and that's you
know there there's different reasons for
that I would just like to show you
exactly what's
happening and now I just want to change
gears into this right
here we are looking
at the fact that stock prices are making
new Highs but what is happening to
Pension funds well in this case here you
are seeing the truth about Pension
funds however even with stocks making
new highs pensions remain
$2.33 trillion or 27% of their assets
underfunded at the end of
2016 so you could see that during the
dot boom everything is great with
pensions they're over they're Surplus
it's wonderful but not the case anymore
2.33 trillion underfunded and what they
are saying
27% of their
assets there should be a red alert there
should be flags being raised and sirens
and alerts and everything else saying we
need to get this under control right
away why high in the
world if the stocks are making new
highs I'm supposed to consider that to
be the econom is doing well and
everyone's happy interconnected
everything is interconnected right the
banking establishments the Pension funds
the
stocks the bonuses at the end of the
year for all these people the companies
are hiring more people and everything
else right no absolutely not the stock
market is
inflated but it's not necessarily worth
anymore and you could see that does not
trickle
down and last but not least there's this
really good infographic about the
Doomsday Vault this is a visual
capitalist I will have it of course
included in the description if you want
to check it out it is really interesting
if you know about the Doomsday Vault the
the world's seed bank backup it's a big
infographic tells you all the details
you need to
know about that and I like really like
to show Graphics anytime I can it's a
little too long to show in this video
here and it's unrelated I just wanted to
show you that if you're interested go to
the description of the video and click
the link if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up I
really really appreciate your feedback
so anytime you want me to know something
even if it's critical
just tell me I'm very much interested in
what you have to say I want to make this
program to be you know the things that
you want to know about so if you notice
it's not just a Channel about you know
us statistics and everything else
although I do bring that out for sure
it's about globally I try to do videos
about the entire world I'm not going to
do videos if I don't know enough about
that particular subject area but you've
seen slowly over the years I've
included um regions all over the world
done videos in particular about that
showing you the housing markets showing
you the financial markets and everything
else so you know I hope you do
appreciate that because I understand
that I have individuals watching this
from all over the world and I want to
say hello to each and every one of
you so please support me by G giving me
a thumbs up by commenting on the videos
and of course can you believe it that
75% of My Views come from people who are
not subscribed to me so please subscribe
to the videos a lot of people here watch
every single day but they're not
subscribed when you subscribe it helps
to push this channel up higher into the
YouTube search ranking so please if
you're watching these videos you want to
support me subscribe to the channel and
you will be notified all of all of my
videos which post basically every single
day last but not least if you found this
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative I wanted to let
everybody know that the Kindle books are
on sale right now at Amazon they decide
what the prices should be although I set
a list price at
$9.99 they actually are charging $7 and
change right now so you can get these
books each of them for if you have a
Kindle for $7 and
change and I think the Kindle is
available on iPads and uh iPhones and
everything else so if you want to read
it from there the paperbacks are there
as well too so you can get those if
you're interested in that check check it
out at Amazon they have a look inside
feature that will allow you to flip
through the pages of these books and see
if you like them take care